Getting Started with JavaScript (#12689)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/javascript/plugins-background.md

# Plugins Background

> The primary means of extending WordPress remains the plugin, see [Plugin Basics](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/the-basics/) for more details on developing plugins for WordPress. The quick start is to create a new directory in `wp-content/plugins/` to hold your plugin code, for this example you can call it `myguten-plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary means of extending WordPress is the plugin. WordPress' [Plugin Basics](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/the-basics/) documentation provides for more details on building a plugin. The quickest way to start is to create a new directory in `wp-content/plugins/` to hold your plugin code, for this example you can call it `myguten-plugin`.
```

Inside of this new directory, create a file called `myguten-plugin.php` which is the server-side code that runs when your plugin is active. For now place the following in that file:

```php
<?php
/*
Plugin Name: Fancy Quote
*/
```

> So you should have a directory `wp-content/plugins/myguten-plugin/` which has the single file `myguten-plugin.php`. Once that is in place, go to your plugins list in `wp-admin` and you should see your plugin listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To summarize, you should have a directory `wp-content/plugins/myguten-plugin/` which has the single file `myguten-plugin.php`. Once that is in place, go to your plugins list in `wp-admin` and you should see your plugin listed.
```

## Plugins Background

The primary means of extending WordPress remains the plugin, see [Plugin Basics](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/the-basics/) for more. The quick start is to create a new directory in `wp-content/plugins/` to hold your plugin code, for our example you can call it `myguten-plugin`.

Inside of this new directory, create a file called `myguten-plugin.php` which will be the server-side code the runs when your plugin is active. For now you can place the following in that file:

```php
<?php
/*
Plugin Name: My Guten Plugin
*/

> ```

Reviewer 2: Should this comment use [DocBlock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHPDoc#Components_of_PHPDoc) instead? Like

```
/**
 * Plugin Name: My Guten Plugin
 */

```
My eyes seem to be more used to this kind of comments when it comes to WordPress plugins, but I'm unsure if that's a recommendation written anywhere.

Reviewer 3: Either works, but the standard is `/*` for the header: https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/the-basics/header-requirements/

Author: I'll leave as standard, thanks @TimothyBJacobs
